Dont format files in TestData (#1465)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  - Fixed an issue where the **update-release-notes** command did not add docker image release notes entry for release notes file if a script was changed.
  - Fixed an issue where the **update-release-notes** command did not detect changed files that had the same name.
  - Fixed an issue in the **update-release-notes** command where the version support of JSON files was mishandled.

> * Fixed **format** to skip files in `TESTS_AND_DOC_DIRECTORIES`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **format** did not skip files in test and documentation directories.
```
